While all of us take part in the commission to make disciples, there are also many unique assignments that support our primary work in the field.
Such was the case for those who worked at Kingdom Farm in South Lansing, New York.
See how their story emphasizes the need for endurance and love for people no matter what type of assignment we have.
The year was 1935.
Humankind was on the path to a second and more devastating World War.
But Jehovah's Witnesses were busy sharing the Bible's message of hope.
In 15 years, the witnesses had grown from less than 6,000 to almost 60,000 worldwide.
Their preaching work was aided by a growing World Headquarters family in Brooklyn, New York.
The workers in Brooklyn needed a source of food, so a 600-acre farm near Ithaca, New York was purchased and named Kingdom Farm.
Those at Kingdom Farm showed the same faith and dedication as Jehovah's Witnesses everywhere.
David Abuel arrived at the property on January 1, 1935.
The barn was burned out, only a few horses had survived.
And that spring, the land flooded.
Undeterred, David and those that joined him rebuilt the barn.
They replanted the crops and began constructing other needed buildings.
John Booth, who later served on Jehovah's Witnesses governing body, arrived in 1941.
After more than 13 years of full-time preaching, it was difficult to settle down to farming.
Settling down meant farming by day, and study by night at Cornell University's library.
I applied myself to the study of animal and plant nutrition.
In time, we produced most of the food used by the growing Bethel family in Brooklyn.
Kingdom Farm was finally productive, but there were other challenges to face.
Christian neutrality brought increased mob actions against Jehovah's Witnesses.
On June 14, 1940, Flag Day, a group of men approached Kingdom Farm.
David Abuel recalls.
We were put lies by an old fella who had passed by on his way to buy his whiskey,
to a plan by the town's people to burn down all our buildings and wreck our machinery.
John Bogard remembers what happened next.
About six o'clock in the evening, the gangs started to gather, one car after another,
until there were 30 or 40 carloads.
But the presence of the police kept them on the highway.
The witnesses were determined to stay on the property and wait it out.
Late in the night, a frustrated mob finally disbanded.
After that night, the witnesses continued to reach out to their neighbors through their ministry and caring spirit.
By the 1970s, others, like Harlan Shock, were still making the effort.
I learned that a man that was involved in a mob action in 1940 later became a witness.
That inspired me to get to know the neighbors better and to offer other farmers help whenever there was a need.
Of course, they offered the same kindness as later on.
That made me feel good.
By 1974, primary farm operations had moved to Wal-Kill, New York, as did many of Kingdom farms long time workers.
They took their cherished memories with them.
They left behind a history of faith and dedication.
Kingdom Farm was used to advance Kingdom Interest for 80 years until its recent sale in March of 2015.
Many who served there, like Brother John Booth, were also part of the anointed generation of Matthew 24.
Although it was primarily a farming assignment, did you notice the attention our brothers paid to giving a thorough witness despite opposition?
Kingdom Farm was also the original home of the Watchtower Bible School of Gilead, training the first class of missionaries there in 1943.